# Performance of fingerprinting based indoor positioning with measured and simulated RSSI reference maps - verification scenarios database
Datasets for Indoor Positioning based on fingerprinting method.

Datasource variable description:

Scenario_Data source_Method of creating a reference map 

Scenario:

S1 - Scenario 1. Corridor in Institute of Electronics at Lodz University of Technology in Poland

S2 - Scenario 2. Sports and Education Centre “Sports Bay” at Lodz University of Technology in Poland

S3 - Scenario 3. IPIN database - Barsocchi, P.; Crivello, A.; La Rosa, D.; Palumbo, F. A multisource and multivariate dataset for indoor localization methods based on WLAN and geo-magnetic field fingerprinting. In Proceedings of the 2016 International Conference on Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation, IPIN 2016; 2016. https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Geo-Magnetic+field+and+WLAN+dataset+for+indoor+localisation+from+wristband+and+smartphone


Data source:
Source1
Source2
Source3
Source4

Method of creating a reference map:
Real   - Maps generated by measurements.
Insite - Maps generated by ray tracing method. Used software: Remcom Wireless Insite.
Mwall  - Maps generated by multiwall method. Used software: WHIPP tool (https://www.waves.intec.ugent.be/exposure-tool/expert-edition).

Dataset example name:
S1_Source1_insite

How to run:
Run script.m in MATLAB.

Citation Requests:
Kawecki, R., Hausman, S., Korbel, P., Performance of fingerprinting based indoor positioning with measured and simulated RSSI reference maps, Remote Sensing
